SImple script to automate demo deployment, documentation update (#382)
icubam/icubam: doc/docker.md

The containers expect the following variables to be set in order to launch

- ICUBAM_CONFIG_FILE: filename for the app's configuration file (e.g., `icubam.toml`)
- SECRET_COOKIE
- JWT_SECRET
- GOOGLE_API_KEY
- TW_KEY
- TW_API
- TW_API

> - DB_SALT

Reviewer: Instead of repeating them here, could we link to the required env variables [here](https://github.com/icubam/icubam/blob/master/doc/install.md#configuration) (with `./install.md#configuration` relative link)?

Or at least have some way to list required env variables (excluding docker specific ones) in one place.

Author: > Is cloning the repo less convenient?

@rth  Here I was just trying to have a solution with the bare minimum (I was hoping for just one file, but then...). And working with branches is then ugly. Indeed, I can just clone and then clean the code after it's launched. Will do that.

Author: regarding the doc, I agree we should avoid duplication as much as possible to avoid inconsistencies. I'll update.

Author: replaced with relative link

**Example .env file**

> For the application's environment variables, check the repository for an up-to-date list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the application's environment variables, see the identically named section above.
```
